What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository Git puts a .git file that contains meta data
that Git needs to manage your repository. Without telling Git that a particular
directory is a repository, Git could not know that it was supposed to be one.
Moreover, every repository has its own settings, I presume, and so Git has to
have some way of keeping track of those settings. I presume this is information
is held in the .git file.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a workspace while the repository represents work that is
being stored and the working directory represents work that is being considered
for storing in the repository. So that is how they are different. The value of
this workspace is that we have a place to put files we are not ready to commit
but at the same time need to work on and save in the staging area and then
commit them when (and only when) we are done.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

If I have multiple files checked out they will be in the working directory.
If git commit ran on all files in the working directory I would have no way
keeping files I did not want to commit separate from ones I did want to commit.
The staging area forces the git user to add a file to the staging area as an
additional step before committing thus putting which files are committed from
within the working directory in the hands of the git user.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branching could be useful for keeping the code history organized by allowing for
 series of changes to be isolated from each other. With just separate commits
it would not be possible to make a series of changes that may or may not make
it into the final product without hand managing the code commits. You would
have to remember which commit you branched off from and then go back to it.
With branching you can have git remember for you.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams helped me build an overall knowledge of the layout of a git
repository. While the git commit command shows each commit in a list, it does
not give the overall structure of git especially in regards to different
branches. So that is how the diagrams helped me.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches together is that one branch get combined with
 another. The branches are specified in the diagram with branch that is being
merged as subordinate to the branch that it is being merged into so as to inform
 the viewer that this branch is the one being kept.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

The pros of Git's automatic merging are that it is done, well, automatically, so
you don't have to do much of anything yourself, Git takes care of it all for
you. The cons of automatic merging occur when you have conflicts. Git cannot
figure out how to resolve these conflicts automatically so it is very good that
Git provides a way for the user of the program to manually resolve conflicts.
